Enhance CSVExtension source to work in Linux style docker (#243)
Vantiq/vantiq-extension-sources: CSVSource/README.md

In addition to handling delimiter-separated fields, this connector can extract fields from fixed positions in the record.
This is configured as described below.

> the extension source support docker, when running in docker is detected, the windows file path is changed to UNIX file path, so the same configuration can be used for docker and non-docker activate.

Reviewer: Change to:

`When running this connector as a docker image, the file path is dynamically converted to a UNIX file path. This means that the same configuration can be used for both docker and non-docker runtimes.`

Author: done

> the extension source support docker, when running in docker is detected, the windows file path is changed to UNIX file path, so the same configuration can be used for docker and non-docker activate.

Author: when the system runs on a windows machine, no conversion is done to the file system, 
it is Vantiq recommendation to use docker with a Linux ( and not Microsoft ) as such when it runs in a container, it will always behave like Linux

> When running this connector as a docker image, the file path is dynamically converted to a UNIX file path. This means that the same configuration can be used for both docker and non-docker runtimes.

Reviewer 2: This is simply not true.  If the configuration is a windows one, it'll be converted to unix.  The other way is not true.

Author: done

> When running this connector on Linux and the supplied file path are windoes style, the file path is dynamically converted to a UNIX file path. This means that the same configuration can be used for both windows and non-windows runtimes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When running this connector on Linux and the supplied file path are windows style, the file path is dynamically converted to a UNIX file path. This means that the same configuration can be used for both windows and non-windows runtimes if and only if the configuration is done in windows path style.
```

            "maxQueuedTasks": 4,
            "processExistingFiles": true,
            "extensionAfterProcessing": "csv.done",
            "deleteAfterProcessing": false,

>             "pollTime":30000

Author: done

* **processExistingFiles**: Optional. If set to `true`, the service will process all files already existing in the folder `fileFolderPath` (filtered using `filePrefix` and the `fileExtension`). Otherwise the service will process only new files.  Default is`false`.
* **extensionAfterProcessing**: Optional. Rename the file after it has been processed to avoid reprocessing (_e.g._ for cases where `processExistingFiles` is set to `true`).  The default value is combination of the 'fileExtension' and `done`.  For example `.csv.done` when `fileExtension` set to `.csv`.
* **deleteAfterProcessing**: Optional. Delete the processed file only if processed successfully to avoid reprocessing in cases where `processExistingFiles` is set to `true`. Default value is `false`.

> * **pollTime**: Optional, Default is 30000 Milliseconds, the frequency the extension checks the target folder for new files to process. 

Author: done
